# LICENSE:
## Clarity:
What does my mods refer to? It refers to any mod that I lable myself as the lead developer of. Some mod, I may be the coder for, and their licences apply to them.

## Code:
The code for any of my mods is under MIT. To put it simply, any mod I make, the code is 100% free to use where you please. You can use it in your own mod, anything. If you like how I do something, fell free to use it. You don't need to credit me either.

## Assets:
The assets for any of my mods are under All Rights Reserved. To put it simply, you cannot use them for your purposes. However, some of my mods include assets, mainly 3d art, that is made by separate people. Their wishes and licenses apply as they wish. Contact me to direct you to them to ask, but just assume you cannot use them. Additonally, some 2d assets used in the Lost Worlds mod are made by Santipik3 who has given them to other devs.

## Jars:
All jars you can find on CurseForge, Modrinth, and Planet Minecraft are under All Rights Reserved. In addition, all jars generated by the code are under All Rights Reserved. Of course, if you use some code, you're not in trouble, but if you download the code just to build it, distribution of the jar is illegal. You also many not distrabute it on any third party website. No exeptions.

## Addons:
Addons are 100% okay and even encouraged to be made for any of my mods. I'll even help you!

## Updating or Branching Off my Mod:
Without explicit permission from me, you may not create updates for my mods, or branches. You must contact me if you wish to do this.

## Additional Questions:
Contact me on Discord: https://discord.com/invite/QFqbJFT8YK
